content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
name: Sancho Sequeira

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Senior Research Analyst

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: Council for the Advancement and Support of Education
  url: https://www.case.org/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: I am interested in data wrangling, statistics, automating workflows, and data visualization using R.

interests:
- R programming
- Data Visualization
- Educational Research

education:
  courses:
  - course: Psychological Sciences (MA)
    institution: James Madison University
    year: 2015
  - course: Psychology (BS)
    institution: James Madison University
    year: 2013
  - course: Communications (BS)
    institution: James Madison University
    year: 2013

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: mailto:sanchomw@gmail.com
#- icon: twitter
#  icon_pack: fab
#  link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
#- icon: google-scholar
#  icon_pack: ai
#  link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/sanchomw
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

Nelson Bighetti is a professor of artificial intelligence at the Stanford AI Lab. His research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter. He leads the Robotic Neurobiology group, which develops self-reconfiguring robots, systems of self-organizing robots, and mobile sensor networks.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed neque elit, tristique placerat feugiat ac, facilisis vitae arcu. Proin eget egestas augue. Praesent ut sem nec arcu pellentesque aliquet. Duis dapibus diam vel metus tempus vulputate.

Commit message:

Comment out user groups, edited bio, site purpose, and disclaimer.

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
name: Sancho Sequeira

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Senior Research Analyst

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: Council for the Advancement and Support of Education
  url: https://www.case.org/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: I am interested in data wrangling, statistics, automating workflows, and data visualization using R.

interests:
- R programming
- Data Visualization
- Educational Research

education:
  courses:
  - course: Psychological Sciences (MA)
    institution: James Madison University
    year: 2015
  - course: Psychology (BS)
    institution: James Madison University
    year: 2013
  - course: Communications (BS)
    institution: James Madison University
    year: 2013

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: mailto:sanchomw@gmail.com
#- icon: twitter
#  icon_pack: fab
#  link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
#- icon: google-scholar
#  icon_pack: ai
#  link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/sanchomw
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
#user_groups:
#- Researchers
#- Visitors
#---

Hi this is Sancho! I am currently a Senior Research Analyst at the Council for the Advancement and Support of Education. I am primarily interested in data analysis and visualization using R. In my professional life I have focused on educational research. The primary purpose of this blog is to conduct analyses and visualizations that are accessible to everyone for fun. Opinions expressed are solely my own and do not express the views or opinions of my employer.
